Clarify temporary PD lifecycle in pd-recover (#23011)
pingcap/docs: pd-recover.md

### Step 4: Restart the PD node

> Once you see the prompt message `recovery is successful`, stop the temporary PD process started with `--force-new-cluster` in Step 2, and then restart the PD node normally without the `--force-new-cluster` parameter.

Author: ```suggestion
Once you see the prompt message `recovery is successful`, stop the temporary PD process that starts with `--force-new-cluster` in Step 2, and then restart the PD node normally without the `--force-new-cluster` parameter.
```
